what is going on guys and welcome it to
a mite a brand new series fifa 14 @ /
layer predictions first of all guys a
couple of things I want to say before
you actually get on up with this episode
first one is a huge huge thank you to
TMC a gamer for doing all the background
and all this for this actual series all
the cards and stuff like that I'll leave
is link in description below guys and if
you'd go there check them out is like
coming up to a thousand subscribers so
if you actually go over there and hit
the subscribe button is a very very good
youtuber so I highly recommend go into
the description and check them out and
the second thing I want to talk about
guys is I know a lot of other youtubers
that do this kind of series and stuff
like that but it is all a completely
opinionated mind could be completely
different from somebody else that you
watch so I'm not really copying anybody
it could be completely different like my
stats could be different from theirs so
that is basically it but I want to get
on with the episode the first part
actually doing is a Cristiano Ronaldo
you've got 55 goals last season so that
is why I've really upgraded his rate
into it 93 ok this pace to a plus one
because i think it probably will go out
probably more likely his sprint speed
than his acceleration I've left his
dribbling at night to before I was
pretty good shot I put up by two because
he could get 55 goals last season which
was absolutely saying passing i left at
80 heading up 12 ACA and defending i
dropped down by minus free because
basically I know he does get back
occasionally but he's a left winger with
a high attack workrate and a low
defensive workrate so it doesn't really
get back that much so he's defending is
not particularly good but this is just
my prediction I reckon to be alike a
note III rated maybe possibly if
Messing's 95 he could be a 94 but I've
poem as 8 and 93 so I've kept him as a
left winger even though with the
introduction of bail as you might see
here he may go to Real Madrid not
particularly sure yet he got a 21 goals
at last season and four assists upgraded
his rating by a free to an 88 I kept him
as a left winger again even I think if
he goes around madrid i think he would
a left-winger his pace i upgraded by 12
and 93 he's dribbling up by to 287 it
shot up by six from 85 to 85 it's
passing up by one he's heading up by two
and it's defending again I dropped him
down by a minus four because even though
now he's not a left-back he still has
very very good defending so I think 70
was a very good like stat for him for
being a defender so around 70 because he
still gets back and stuff like that I
still think that is a very good stuff in
certain if we heading which is not too
bad because he doesn't really have the
ball that much but no III pace is
amazing and 87 dribbling and 85 shot
definitely because he has got a very
very nice shot in it d but I'm not
really sure yet if he actually will be
going to run with you it probably
speculations that Run which would
offered a hundred million yesterday so
i'm not particularly sure if that's
actually true maybe you guys can drop in
the comments below let me know if you
actually think that is true but this is
all predictions guys this is all my
predictions to do not quote me on this
we're going on to the last player for
this episode and that is a Barcelona's
and nimah I'll put him down to eight a
left wing because I think with the
introduction of him bringing to
Barcelona I think even though message
that he lets you still will be the main
striker so I think Neymar will be used
as a left winger I've upgrade is right
into it 86 he's paced up by two 293 he's
dribbling up by 12 92 it shot up by four
283 it's passing up to 77 that is a plus
free heading up by one only 2 60 s
offended we put up to 50 and that is
plus 6 21 years old guys couldn't really
find his stats for when he played for
Santos for some reason it just kind of
all his Barcelona once it needs actually
only made one appearance i think that is
in a preseason so i could actually tell
you how many goals and that you got
maybe one of you guys are a league of do
brasil like guy likes it so you might be
able to drop in the cops were and let me
know what you actually how many goals he
did actually get last season because i
hope you have actually enjoyed this
episode be amazing if you drop in the
comments below three more players you
want me to do it for the next episode if
we can get this video over 60 likes i'll
be a very very much appreciated and a
member if you actually are new around
here the first time watching any of my
videos that is a
link in description below to my Twitter
and all my other series playlist
hopefully guys i'll have another brand
new series out again tomorrow but i hope
you guys have enjoyed please mum to
leave a like on the video remember to
subscribe if you're new around here take
care guys and i'll see you also cheers
you